README.md, before:

# Low-Level Programming - Data Structures, Algorithms, Linux/Unix System Programming

## Description
This repository contains programs written for the low-level programming and
algorithm section .


## Structure


* [0x00. C - Hello, World](./0x00-hello_world)
* [0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while](./0x01-variables_if_else_while)
* [0x02. C -Functions_nested_loops](./0x02-functions_nested_loops)
* [0x03. C-Debugging](./0x03-debugging)
* [0x04. C - More functions, more nested loops](./0x04-more_functions_nested_loops)
* [0x05. C - Pointers, arrays and strings](./0x05-pointers_arrays_strings)


## Requirements

Working with this project require you to have some tools installed: 
* GCC : [GNU Compiler](https://gcc.gnu.org/)
* Betty  : [C code checker](https://github.com/holbertonschool/Betty.git) 


## Navigation Guide

To access any project you are willing to view , please proceed like this:

* clone the repository



        - git clone https://github.com/MaViWurd/alx-low_level_programming
        - cd alx-low_level_programming


* open your desired project (we take Hello world project as example)



        - cd [0x00. C - Hello, World](./0x00-hello_world)


* test your desired file



        - gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 4-puts.c 4-puts
        - ./4-puts
  
* Repeat with other files or projects


## Author

* **Egbe Marvelous** <[MaViWurd](https://github.com/MaViWurd)>

## Acknowledgements

All work contained in this project was completed as part of the curriculum for ALX Africa Software Engineering program built upon Holberton School projects and materials. Holberton School is a campus-based full-stack software engineering program that prepares students for careers in the tech industry using project-based peer learning. 


## Credits 
For more information, visit these links.

* [ALX ](https://www.alxafrica.com/)
* [Holberton School](https://www.holbertonschool.com/)

Commit message:

Modified README.md with recent chamges in repo

README.md, after:

![img](https://assets.imaginablefutures.com/media/images/ALX_Logo.max-200x150.png)

# C is FUN 😊

>Learning C right now, been wanting to get on this. It's going to be FUN !!.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.postimg.cc/rprHShJ1/C-compilation-process.gif" />
</p>

# Low-Level Programming - Data Structures, Algorithms, Linux/Unix System Programming

## Description
This repository contains programs written for the low-level programming and
algorithm section .

## About

- This repository consists of all the C programming projects done with [ALX Africa](https://www.alxafrica.com/) Full stack Software Engineering course in partnership with [Holberton School](https://www.holbertonschool.com/) by **Egbe Marvelous M.** <[MaViWurd](https://github.com/Maviwurd)>.
- All main.c files are prewritten by the school. We build functions that produce a specific output while also taking into consideration edge cases.


## Structure


* [0x00. C - Hello, World](./0x00-hello_world)
* [0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while](./0x01-variables_if_else_while)
* [0x02. C -Functions_nested_loops](./0x02-functions_nested_loops)
* [0x03. C-Debugging](./0x03-debugging)
* [0x04. C - More functions, more nested loops](./0x04-more_functions_nested_loops)
* [0x05. C - Pointers, arrays and strings](./0x05-pointers_arrays_strings)


## Requirements

Working with this project require you to have some tools installed: 
* GCC : [GNU Compiler](https://gcc.gnu.org/)
* Betty  : [C code checker](https://github.com/holbertonschool/Betty.git) 


## Navigation Guide

To access any project you are willing to view , please proceed like this:

* clone the repository



        - git clone https://github.com/MaViWurd/alx-low_level_programming
        - cd alx-low_level_programming


* open your desired project (we take Hello world project as example)



        - cd [0x00. C - Hello, World](./0x00-hello_world)


* test your desired file



        - gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 4-puts.c 4-puts
        - ./4-puts
  
* Repeat with other files or projects


## Author

* **Egbe Marvelous** <[MaViWurd](https://github.com/MaViWurd)>

## Acknowledgements

All work contained in this project was completed as part of the curriculum for ALX Africa Software Engineering program built upon Holberton School projects and materials. Holberton School is a campus-based full-stack software engineering program that prepares students for careers in the tech industry using project-based peer learning. 


## Credits 
For more information, visit these links.

* [ALX ](https://www.alxafrica.com/)
* [Holberton School](https://www.holbertonschool.com/)
